h1. Twitter-on-Merb

* site: merb.kicks-ass.org
* server: slicehost Ubuntu 8.1, apache-passenger, merb version 1.0.8, dm version 0.9.9
* status: working on eager cache
* todo: eager cache

h1. Description

This is a merb flat app that gather feeds from edge merb commits and 
push the messages to twitter.com/edgemerb. 

h1. Motivation

Hi. My name is Jai-Gouk Kim, a newbie in merb community. I'm not a ruby guru. I started digging into merb recently and found out awesomeness of merb. I bought "Merb in Action" but there was no notice about further works and It's really hard to get informations about changes like between 1.0.7 and 1.0.7.1. Since I don't have experiences related with merb, I wanted explanations about them. Katz's blog posts are good but I need more than that. So I parsed rss feeds here.

Thanks to merb core team, rubypond, scrubber, jchris, monki, and FoobarWidget. Ruby community is cool! They really helped me to build this small app.

2009.1.7
by Jai-Gouk, Kim 

h1. MIT LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2009 Jai-Gouk Kim (jaigouk AT gmail DOT com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
